<b>algorithm</b> A general process for solving a category of problems.<br>
<b>argument</b> A value provided to a function when the function is called. This value is assigned to the corresponding parameter in the function.<br>
<b>body</b> The sequence of statements inside a function definition.<br>
<b>composition</b> Using an expression as part of a larger expression, or a statement as part of a larger statement.<br>
<b>deterministic</b> Pertaining to a program that does the same thing each time it runs, given the same inputs.<br>
<b>dot notation</b> The syntax for calling a function in another module by specifying the module name followed by a dot (period) and the function name.<br>
<b>flow of execution</b> The order in which statements are executed during a program run.<br>
<b>fruitful function</b> A function that returns a value.<br>
<b>function</b> A named sequence of statements that performs some useful operation. Functions may or may not take arguments and may or may not produce a result.<br>
<b>function call</b> A statement that executes a function. It consists of the function name followed by an argument list.<br>
<b>function definition</b> A statement that creates a new function, specifying its name, parameters, and the statements it executes.<br>
<b>function object</b> A value created by a function definition. The name of the function is a variable that refers to a function object.<br>
<b>header</b> The first line of a function definition.<br>
<b>import statement</b> A statement that reads a module file and creates a module object.<br>
<b>module object</b> A value created by an import statement that provides access to the data and code defined in a module.<br>
<b>parameter</b> A name used inside a function to refer to the value passed as an argument.<br>
<b>pseudorandom</b> Pertaining to a sequence of numbers that appear to be random, but are generated by a deterministic program.<br>
<b>return value</b> The result of a function. If a function call is used as an expression, the return value is the value of the expression.<br>
<b>void function</b> A function that does not return a value.